grml-scripts: executable-not-elf-or-script ./usr/bin/tinyp2p.py
grml-scripts: executable-not-elf-or-script ./usr/bin/wwwis
grml-scripts: script-with-language-extension usr/bin/bincompare.pl
grml-scripts: script-with-language-extension usr/bin/cpufreq-detect.sh
grml-scripts: script-with-language-extension usr/bin/cpu-screen.sh
grml-scripts: script-with-language-extension usr/bin/gsuggest.pl
grml-scripts: script-with-language-extension usr/bin/hgrep.sh
grml-scripts: script-with-language-extension usr/bin/irclog2html-2.1.pl
grml-scripts: script-with-language-extension usr/bin/lesspipe.sh
grml-scripts: script-with-language-extension usr/bin/notifyd.py
grml-scripts: script-with-language-extension usr/bin/sepdate.pl
grml-scripts: script-with-language-extension usr/bin/sepdate.rb
grml-scripts: script-with-language-extension usr/bin/sepdate.sh
grml-scripts: script-with-language-extension usr/bin/tinyp2p.py
grml-scripts: script-with-language-extension usr/bin/unbleach.pl
grml-scripts: script-with-language-extension usr/sbin/ndiswrapper.sh
grml-scripts: script-with-language-extension usr/sbin/prepare_ramdisk.sh
grml-scripts: script-with-language-extension usr/sbin/prepare_tmpfs.sh
grml-scripts: script-with-language-extension usr/sbin/suspenduser_gui.sh
grml-scripts: script-with-language-extension usr/sbin/suspenduser.sh
grml-scripts: statically-linked-binary ./usr/bin/cpu-screen
grml-scripts: statically-linked-binary ./usr/bin/ip-screen
grml-scripts: statically-linked-binary ./usr/bin/vmware-detect
grml-scripts: statically-linked-binary ./usr/sbin/dpkg_not_running
grml-scripts: statically-linked-binary ./usr/sbin/reread_partition_table
